All right, in the last section, we have installed next year and months to assess.
And we've got this helloworld in our local host three thousand in this section, we are going to create
the header of our website.
Actually, we have three parts.
We have the header, we have the body and the footer, so inside the index that, yes, we let delete
this hello world, so we have three parts.
The first part is header.
Then we have the body section.
And finally, we have the footer for the header.
We we can create a component and start creating the header.
So in order to create the components first, we create a folder called components inside that we create
a header, that jazz file.
So in this level, I mean, the package that Jason level outside to all the folders, we create a folder
and we color components.
And inside this folder, we create a file called Header the Trace.
Here we can use our sea to create a reactor functional component.
For next year, we don't need to import react.
It's optional.
We can leave it there, or we just we can delete it now inside the.
Index that, yes, we can add this component, so we just write down here.
And in order to import the header.
We can use contour space to get the auto suggestion.
And just remember that you have to keep it open, so you get the such as if this is close, you get
you don't get the suggestion like this.
So if you click on the first author suggestion, we get here the import header from components forward
slash header.
So let's continue with the header part.
Let's see, and we start the server again using npm run dev.
I want to put the website on the right side so you can see the changes in real time and keep the coding
on the left side.
So let's close this left side.
You don't need it for now.
So we have more space on the left side.
We go to A.j.'s and we change this diff to better because we're making it harder.
So this is going to help the search engines to rank our Web site.
So we need to use the proper syntax.
So inside the header, we have actually two deaths.
That one day or the left side wonder one at a dinner for the right side.
Let's look at the final version.
And I just draw it so you can see it better.
So we have a.
Let me change the color this one.
So we have a hitter at the top.
Which is the header pack inside the header tank?
We have to this.
One, Dev is here.
Let me do it again, so we have one.
They're here inside this fund, we have one div at the left and one on the right side.
So each of these two is inside are the tax.
So two attacks here.
To this side, and also, we have another component called user on the right side.
So let's go back to Visual Studio code, so we have the header and to do so, this is the one and this
is another one for the right side.
So inside the first one, we have two paragraphs, the first one is saying about.
And the next one is.
Mr.
Let's refresh the page to see the changes.
Now we have about a store.
And onto the next one.
The directive on the right side, we have.
Gmail.
In the paragraph, so G.M. and the paragraph.
They should like.
You need.
And just I forgot how to do it, so.
Paragraph inside his Gmail.
Then we have the images.
So now we have all the paragraphs and finally, we have another component called user, so let's create
that component now.
So inside the components folder, we create a file, we call it user touches and we use Odyssey to create
a reac functional component.
Just leave it like this for now.
And we import it inside the hair in the second death, so we just use our here and we import it using
counter space.
And we get this other suggestion and the important issue.
So now we have everything else.
Now it's time to stall the.
Thanks.
First, we need to bring these three to the right side.
So we need to add a Flex display flex to that header at a time.
And we just use just to fight between to outer space between there.
So we just added class name here.
We changed the display to Flex, bring them next to each other.
We can't use justify it fee to add a space between the.
As you can see, it's completely connected to the wall.
We can add a padding of five.
To push them a little bit inside, we changed the text to be a small.
And we changed the text color to gray, but not the just gray 700, this would be fine.
This is similar to the Google itself.
All right.
So now we push them to the side.
And let's style each div here, because both of these styles are similar.
So we we can just choose the tool cursor.
Using old, I keep it here and here.
So both are flags we want to bring them next to each other, the added space between their.
And the space would be a space X.
For.
So you can see here.
The added space.
Next thing is.
We just bring them to the center using items sent.
OK, all right, so maybe you can see the teams, but maybe add the image here you are you.
You see that the pics are actually in the center of the image.
So this item center is for this, for this, for instead of doing this dual cursor, we can use something
called layer components, intel and CSF.
So we add one class, but this class includes multiple classes.
So it's it's like a custom class.
The only things we need to do is just go to global success, and we add that layer components.
So we click on the global stats thesis here and just here we add a layer component.
Which is a cost them utility, and we call this cost them class.
We just call it link, and this link includes several classes.
In order to apply this, we need to just right down here apply.
And after this base, we at the.
Our the classes that we want to use, let's first and the class link to the header.
So to all of them, we choose all of them using all.
And we add a class name and they call this class link.
All right.
No, we can see the result.
So we go back to global success and after a year, we just say if someone hover over the.
Text just the underline.
Now you can see the underlying.
Yeah.
And then I want Dick Cursor to point pointer when we hover over, so we add a cursor pointer here,
so it's going to apply to all of them.
So when we now hover over these elements, we see appointing an.
All right.
So this is the way you.
For example, if you add many classes, you just need to know and this class link to anywhere you like
to apply all the classes together.
Yeah, that was it for the Heather section, because the user part needs to add authentication and several
things, we cannot finish it in a short video.
So this video is going to be very long.
So in the next section, we're going to cover this user section and we're going to get the image from
the Google authentication and we'll be going to add the ability to sign in or and sign out.
Let's first add this one to get her.
It's.
Uh.
Clear.
Let's clear the terminal, and no, because this is the second time we are pushing our kids to get off
our repository to GitHub.
We just need to and get and all.
Kit Cometh with the message of.
Creates.
The head
section, and we just need to right, get push to push everything to get tough.
So if you go to GitHub now.
We refresh the page and we go to our repository now we have three comments, and the last one is 20
seconds ago that we just created, so we click here to go there.
As you can see, the name of the comment is create the Here section.
The things we did is we created a that fire.
Which includes all the links and also the component user.
And also, we created the user, the GST component, which is now empty.
Then we have the index that, yes, that we added the head component here.
And also inside the clue was that CSI, we added a layer component, which is a custom utility or a
class.
Yeah, that was it for this part, for the hair section in the next section, we're going to start with
the user authentication and at this beautiful hovering effect.
And get the image from the Google Google itself.
So see in the next section.